All right guys so this is kind of an aside from the rest of the section.
I just want to give you a different option if you don't want to deal with node sass and deal with the
terminal although I think it's easier than using this.
This graphical program but nevertheless I want to give you the the options so if you go to koala dash
app dot com you can download this program it's for Windows as well as MAC and it's a goofy program and
it compiles both sass and less so I already have installed.
So if you download install it just like any other piece of software and then open it up it'll look like
this.
OK.
Now I also have this code open and I just created a test folder just to give you an example here.
And I'm going to structure this just like we did in the last video.
We'll have an SC SS folder where we'll have any SAS and then we'll create another folder called dist
an inside disk.
We're gonna have a folder called C Ss and most likely most likely an index each to email like that.
All right.
Now in koala I'm going to say plus sign to add a project and I'm going to choose from desktop test OK
so we'll select that and see.
OK so we don't have any SAS files so let's create in SPSS I'm going to create a new file called Main
dot SPSS
refresh that.
So now it sees that we have a SAS file now by default when it compiles it'll put the CSX file in the
same folder In SPSS we want to direct it to go into the C Ss in the dist.
So we'll go to set output path and we're gonna choose dist CSX OK.
Please select the CSX file.
OK so we have to actually create the CSX file so we'll do main dot CSX like that and then let's do it
again set whole put path to dist CSX main dot CSX replace.
OK.
So now this is this is running we can go ahead and minimize this.
Now when I write some SAS in this main dot SPSS I'll do the same thing I'll do color red body and let's
do background.
So that's a color.
And when I save that if I look in the main dot CSX you'll see that a comp. It also creates a source
map I'm not going to go over that but you'll see there's a main dot CSX a map as well.
So anytime we chant like if I change this actually we know what we'll do is we'll go to our index each
to AML and let's include that CSX.
So we're going to go CSX slash main dot CSX.
All right.
If we go ahead and open this with the live server actually live servers already running so let me set
where is all right here.
So I'm just going to stop live server from running.
I'm going to stop node SAS and live server.
OK.
So now if I run live server from here this is the test folder where we use koala and if I go to my SAS
and they change this to let's say green and save you'll see that it changes.
All right.
So if you're more comfortable using quality using the graphical interface then by all means you can
do that.
However we're going to stick to nodes SAS.
All right.
So just wanted to kind of add this as an aside to to give you another option.
Also if you want to look into extensions if we search for SAS and V.S. code this right here live SAS
compiler will actually compile your SAS for you as well.
If you want to look into that there's just there's so many different programs you can use really.
So whatever works for you.
All right.
So I'm going to stop this.
I'm not going to use this anymore.
This test folder that I created I just wanted to give you an example.
In fact I'm going to just delete my project here and koala.
All right.
So in the next video we're going to jump back into our SAS sandbox and we'll start to look at some of
the features.